HIDE AND SEEK

This game is being created for Maze Day.  At the moment, the working name is Hide and Seek, as a functional description
of what occurs within in the game.  However, it's important to note that the name Hide and Seek is
ONLY working.  It is subject to change based on asking for ideas and inspiration from others, and any brainwaves of
my own.

Game Outline:
    The goal of the game, using either "Marco" and "Polo" or "Warmer" and "Colder", will lead the child through a
grid-based world to a goal, within a given time limit.  As time goes on, the maps will get bigger and the time allowed
will get smaller, and slowly more and more obstacles, of increasing danger will be added.  The child will enjoy the
varied and intriguing sound design of the game, and additionally become competitive in the name of upping the overall
score from previous.

Primary ideals for the game:
- Ensuring that all positional information is successfully indicated aurally.  As the children are blind, they will be
  relying primarily on audio feedback in order to actually play the game, so that means that aural response must be
  tight and well-tuned and provide sufficient response in order to maintain the game pacing and keep it fun for them
- In order to allow for a constant and simple spacial reference point for the students, all movement will be grid-based
  and thus be regular and simple to keep track of for the children.  This additionally meets the secondary objective
  of encouraging "computer logic" thought in the children, as regular grid-based things hearkens to concepts such as
  pixels and indices and other such things.
- In the name of giving a constant and reliable sound experience, some level of low, ambient noise will be implemented
  as well, be it as a hum, or low level open source background music
- Close out with some form of score based on time spend and the difficult multiplier in order to give the child some
  manner in which to assess their own performance and compare to others.  Perhaps create a scoreboard
    + Issue with scoreboard would be allowing them to view it and know who did better, as that would require text-to-
      speech for the numerical values of the scores, which may be difficult to impossible to implement

Implementation:
- The use of the four arrow keys for movement for the character.  SIMPLY up, down, left, and right, with no necessity
  to recall such more complicated things like rotation and facing
    + This holds the additional advantage of thus not needing to create more complicated sound processing and positional
      awareness on the part of the program.
- The audio library Howler has been brought up in conversation several times... Look into that
- Use some form of base "difficulty factor" to mathematically scale time limit, as well as map size, and also decide
  when to begin including different types of objects, in the name of overall creating a varied and changing and thus
  more exciting game experience for the child.
    + Obstacle types will come in two types, lethal and obstructionist.
    + Lethal obstacles will kill and reset the child back to the start of the level, they will have louder sounds
      radiating from them in order to indicate the increased danger of this obstacle
    + Obstructionist obstacles merely stop the child from progressing in that direction, and make the player character
      create a sound to indicate that they have been stopped (perhaps in addition to some low radiant throbbing which
      warns away the child)


TODO:
- Create mock-ups for levels, in the name of giving a visual(haha) idea of what the game will look and function like
-




Other things:

- There are two separate coordinate systems.  One is the render coordinate system and is the x and y values of every
  aspect of the project relative to the pixels of the screen.  The other one is the storage/update coordinate system,
  which treats everything with the dimensions of one tile as one single discrete coordinate unit, thus allowing the
  direct translation between the two systems by the simple multiplication or division by the dimensions of the tile.